# Know Easily How to export mails from IncrediMail to Outlook
The use of email clients in this age of technology is the foremost for every user. The most used email clients are desktop email clients. The other type of email clients are web based email clients. The examples of desktop email clients are MS Outlook, IncrediMail & Mozilla Thunderbird. The examples of web based email clients are Yahoo Mail, Gmail & Hotmail. Most of the users prefer desktop email clients because they allow access of every mail easily and that too when there is no internet connection, that is not the case with web based email clients. Web based email clients only work with internet connection and user can only read emails when they are having an internet connection. 

The user when having the need to export there IncrediMail files to Outlook, then user can also look for several solutions such as manual methods and freeware. These both methods are of no use. In using manual methods, user need to have appropriate knowledge of the manual process, plus this process is very time consuming and the exported files do not get completely exported. This process has complex steps & does not often work. Freeware on the other hand work as a software but it has hidden costs. Freeware does not get updated regularly which makes it outdated. This post will provide you solution on  how to export mails from IncrediMail to Outlook. 

# MS Outlook & IncrediMail- which is better? 

MS Outlook & IncrediMail are both different & contrasting email clients. MS Outlook is an email client which is a professional email client. It has amazing features which is much better than any email client out there. MS Outlook is a product of Microsoft which guarantees stability among users. There is also offline access of your emails. You have various ways to search all your email clients. If we compare IncrediMail to Outlook, we can clearly see that IncrediMail has no match for Outlook. IncrediMail has certain issues and is not compatible with Windows 10. There are many forums on which you can see many complaints regarding IncrediMail. 
MS Outlook also works with Exchange Server which is an added advantage to already perfect Outlook. MS Outlook works on almost every Windows operating system. MS Outlook will have no problem running on Microsoft XP & also on Windows 10. User can also overlook any conversation they want to. 
# Read More

The use of converter will not only allow easy conversion of IncrediMail files. It will also provide user with an easy solution to export their all IncrediMail files. The converter will export all the files which could be opened in any version of MS Outlook (32 bit & 64 bit). There is also an auto-detection feature which easily allows to get all the files automatically. The tool is able to export every attachment with the emails. The converter allows to export also corrupted files. There is also no limitation on the number of files user can export. User have an option to also create a new Outlook file. 

For more information: http://www.pcvare.com/incredimail-to-outlook-converter.html
